Promtail: Add custom headers on push requests (#7470) (#7472)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/clients/promtail/configuration.md

# Example: http://example.com:3100/loki/api/v1/push
url: <string>

custom_headers:
  # Custom HTTP headers to add to the request.

>   # Example: X-Scope-OrgID: 1

Reviewer: You give the example of `X-Scope-OrgID` header here. However, this header is added when specifying the `tenant_id`, as documented in line 191-194 in this configuration.md file.
So that may be confusing for users.

# Example: http://example.com:3100/loki/api/v1/push
url: <string>

custom_headers:
  # Custom HTTP headers to add to the request.

>   # NOTE: This config only used to add headers, cannot override existed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  # NOTE: This config only used to add headers, cannot override existing.
```

# Example: http://example.com:3100/loki/api/v1/push
url: <string>

# Custom HTTP headers to be sent along with each push request.

> # Be aware that headers that are set by Promtail itself (e.g. X-Scope-OrgID) can't be overwritten.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Be aware that headers that are set by Promtail itself (for example,  X-Scope-OrgID) can't be overwritten.
```
